well hello again welcome to cooking
around channel and what do we have for
you today today we have some delicious
meatballs and they are absolutely
awesome now here I'm using spaghetti but
you can use any type of pasta you want
so let's not waste any time
let's get going with this awesome
awesome dish okay here we go grab about
one pound of beef now here I'm using a
medium grade beef because I want more of
the fat content that will give me a
little bit more taste so what I want you
to do is just stir it around like this a
little bit and now grab a total of half
a medium onion diced like this and put
that inside all this is going to be so
good and now to give it that possess
grab an egg and just drop it in like
that but I want you to beat adjust a
little bit just so I mix this better and
I just want you to add that to the
mixture and to make it really good I
want you to grab your fancy dancy garlic
press I want you to put in 1 to 2 onions
and I want you to press that and there
we go and this is going to give it a
real nice nice taste and now what I want
you to do is I want you to add 1
tablespoon of dry parsley and 1 to 2
tablespoons of dry Parmesan don't forget
the pepper the pepper is very important
ok and we're still going here grab about
1/4 cup of fresh breadcrumbs and now I
want you to take and I want you to stir
it really really well until it becomes
thick like this and you can make it into
a ball and it's ready here we go
ok grab yourself a working plate and I
want you to put on some dry breadcrumbs
so nothing sticks and now grab yourself
a tablespoon and this will be your
measurement to keep the balls more or
less the same now take one measurement
just like that put in your hand and roll
roll roll if your hands start to stick
put a little oil on it and keep on going
keep on going and look at that a perfect
meatball now let me show you one more
measurement and here we go again and
roll roll roll and take a look at that
and it is a perfect meatball and now let
me show you the two-hand technique okay
grab one more measurement and now I want
you to use both hands like this and I
want you to just keep on rolling until
it becomes nice and hard so now I'm
gonna finish this and I shall be back
okay here comes the fun part
grab yourself a pan and put about a
quarter inch of oil in there and I want
you to add all of your meatballs in
there and I want you to basically now
just kind of shake things back and forth
know if you want to bake it just look at
the link below and click and I'll show
you how to bake these meatballs so let's
get going and I shall be back when they
are done okay we're back and look at
them golden brown really really nice now
you don't have to cook them all the way
through just about 80% so when they
reach like this at this point just shut
off your heat and I shall be back again
okay grab your pre-made spaghetti sauce
and just give it a little stir make sure
it's warm and heating up on medium low
and now you add your delicious meatballs
into the sauce just like this and I want
you to remove it with the spatula
because if there's any grease on the
bottom I don't want you to transfer the
grease in there and now I want you to
give it a little quick stir just make
sure that everything goes under
correctly and now it's starting to boil
I want you to put the lid on I want you
to take your handy dandy chicken where's
my chicken here it is and I want you to
mark it for 20 minutes and I shall be
back when it clucks okay it's been about
20 minutes here we go
look at that Oh does that not look
awesome that's why I want you to cook
them for about 80% through because now
we finish the process take a look at
that absolutely juicy they're gonna be
so soft now on this process I want you
to grab on your spaghetti grabbers you
can bite the dollar store and I do
wants you to rinse out a cold water I
want you to take the spaghetti just like
this because I want the water starches
to go in and that will mix with the
sauce when we add it just look at that
just see how that goes now just grab
that special delicious spaghetti sauce
with those meatballs and just pour it on
like that oh how is that looking it is
making me absolutely hungry and I want
to tell you it was absolutely awesome
just take a look at that and now what I
want you to do is I want you to grab the
Parmesan cheese and just sprinkle it all
the way on top just like that and look
oh my god I'm really getting hungry so
now a little bit of parsley just to make
it look good and all I can say now is
thank you very much for allowing me to
present this recipe for you and I hope
you enjoy it and please come back and
see my other videos thank you from tony
and cookingaround good bye now